[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[door banging]
[metal clangs]
[panting]
Damn it.
[door creaks]
[breathing heavily]
[loud thud]
[foreboding music]
[suspenseful music]
[detective] Vincenzo Cassano.
You're under arrest
for the murder of Oh Jeong-bae.
[tense music]
[cocks]
Put your hands on your head,
or else we'll shoot you.
It wasn't me.
[detective]
We received a text from Mr. Oh.
He said that you had abducted him
and brought him up here.
[Vincenzo in Italian]
When you find yourself
trapped in a swamp…
[detective] Don't move.
You're under arrest, buddy.
You have the right to remain silent.
[Vincenzo in Italian]
…you must get out of it
before you hit the bottom.
[cuffs click]
[grunting, groaning]
[clinking]
[detective groaning]
-[clinking]
-[detective groaning]
[sirens wailing in distance]
[groans]
[groaning]
[Mr. Park] That hurt!
Hey, wait. You got something
you wanna say to me?
Hey.
You don't live here.
[loud clattering in distance]
Ah-ah. Where are you going?
Who are you?
Did you hear me?
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[groaning]
Hey, where do you think you're going, huh?
So, it's going to be like that?
[pants]
Okay.
Okay. It's been a while.
Come on.
[grunts]
[gunshot in distance]
BEST LAUNDROMAT
-What was that? Was that a flat tire?
-[door opens]
Hey, what's going on?
Let's go.
-What's wrong?
-Come on. Move it! Move it!
[yells]
[both grunting]
[groans]
You wanna run?
Oh, you didn't break a sweat.
Okay.
Ha! Jujitsu time, then, is it?
-[loud thud]
-You want a piece of this?
[grunts]
Jujitsu pose.
[both grunting]
[Mr. Park screams]
Leg lock! I got you.
Come here, you little rat.
[grunting]
-[thumping]
-[groans]
Don't hurt the face.
[groans]
You better stop that, or I'll get mad!
Hey, stop!
[Mr. Park] That's enough!
-[groaning]
-Hey, boss!
[grunting]
Did you get my beer?
Yeah.
I managed to find a bottle
of your favorite.
My favorite? Good!
Then, what are you waiting for?
[Mr. Park yells]
[screaming]
[suspenseful music]
EPISODE 16
Is this far enough?
I'm safe for now.
Uh, can I borrow your phone?
Yeah, sure.
Here.
[phone beeps]
[cameras clicking]
It must've been a setup.
Babel found out Mr. Oh is working for us.
[Cha-young] What are you going to do?
Prove my innocence.
Find the guy who led me here.
"Led" you?
[gasps]
[groans]
Not again!
-[Mr. Park] Why do people keep hitting me?
-[Cha-young] You startled me.
[Mr. Park] Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, you think you didn't startle me?
Listen…
I caught a guy lurking around the Plaza.
[Mr. Park]
I'll take my reward, and he's all yours.
Are you… are you still there?
[Mr. Park] Check this out.
-More than 50 missed calls.
-Mm.
MISSED CALLS
-[Cha-young] Mm.
-[Su-nam] Oh.
-He's got a lot of friends.
-You must have had an accomplice.
[Su-nam] Hey, what are you staring at?
[hisses]
You killed Mr. Oh, didn't you?
Who gave the order?
[Mr. Park] Look at my face.
You… messed up…
-…my face, you punk!
-[groans]
You better start talking.
My beautiful face.
Uh, question. How did you catch him?
Do you know who you're talking to?
I'm a nutria.
A mighty rodent. Nothing gets past us.
[Mr. Park sniffing]
But nutrias are invasive.
There's even a reward
if you kill one, you know.
Why are you so mean to me?
Please, just let me have this.
[Ms. Choi] Okay.
Call me when you find him.
-[chips clattering]
-[sighs]
They lost him.
Someone's helped him escape.
[chips clattering]
Your turn.
I've asked the police to put out
an APB form.
I want you to get your head in the game!
[Mr. Tak] There's always something
with you, never a second of peace.
You know why?
It's because you get too involved.
You can't let anything go.
And I think that officially makes you
one of us now.
[chuckles]
[dramatic music]
You know,
I used to be in a gang back in the day,
but I decided to get out.
Why did I get out?
[chuckles]
I realized something.
I wasn't helping anybody with my life.
[groaning]
Can I give you some advice?
You think you have to leave it
all behind, become a new person.
Don't bother.
Do what you do best.
That's how you're gonna make a difference.
[car approaching]
[Mr. Tak] A bit late for a picnic.
What are you doing?
-[grunting]
-My car.
Is this the guy from the roof?
He hasn't said anything yet
about his employer.
[upbeat music]
Let's talk. Come with me.
[scoffs]
Hey, try to go easy on him.
His blood will stain the seats
if you're not careful.
Wait, you got to use my car?
[groans]
I just washed it.
-Go put some plastic then.
-[Su-nam] Okay. Wait a sec.
[man screaming in pain]
Yeah, I got him in a chokehold,
and that was it.
[Cha-young] He's still alive, right?
He told me where the others are.
I'm going.
[Cha-young] I'm coming with you.
-Same.
Same.
[upbeat music]
This isn't some barfight.
I need to prove my innocence, okay?
[Cha-young] We're all coming.
You'll have backup at least.
-Let's do it.
-Wait.
-Okay, get it cleaned up.
-Let's go!
So, Mr. Cassano…
I'm thinking I'm owed something.
After all, I'm the one who caught the guy.
What does the hero get?
What… what do you want?
Um…
[sighs]
You can grant me a wish.
What kind of wish?
Be patient. Tomorrow.
[Mr. Park] Okay.
-Can you believe him?
-[car engine starts]
[Mr. Park] Where are we going, anyway?
[sighs]
I'm starting to like the guy.
[tense music]
[man banging on door]
Let me in!
[banging continues]
Open up!
-[groans]
-[Mr. Park] Punks.
Bow down!
The nutria of Geumga-dong is here
and he's in charge now.
[knife clangs]
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
The prey don't know their predator.
-[grunting]
-[groaning]
Hold on. Out of my way.
-[grunting]
-[clattering]
Wow.
-[goons groaning]
-I see it.
He really does look like a nutria.
[Cha-young] You beautiful rodent.
Come on! Get him.
-Watch out!
-[metal clattering]
RELIABLE POLICE, SAFE COUNTRY
These three are the real murderers
of Mr. Oh Jeong-bae.
We're going to walk you through the events
leading up to the murder.
Listen up.
[Cha-young] This killing wasn't random.
These men were operating under orders.
They were told to wait for Mr. Oh
to finish work.
They cornered him in front
of his office door and killed him.
After that, they snuck his body
out of the building.
DAECHANG DAILY
They brought the body
to the rooftop of Geumga Plaza.
[Vincenzo] They used his phone
to frame me for the murder.
[tense music]
One of them lured me to the rooftop.
[panting]
[door banging]
When I got there…
they dropped Mr. Oh's body.
How can you prove it's these three?
[Cha-young]
The van, it belongs to these bastards.
You'll find the cart
they used to move the body,
along with their weapons
and traces of Mr. Oh's blood.
This is from the van's dashboard cam.
I think you'll find it's recorded
all of their movements.
And we'll hold on
to a copy of the footage.
To be safe.
[tense music]
What? You mean
they still haven't caught him?
[Ms. Choi]
I told the police to keep me informed,
but they're not answering my calls.
[detective] I appreciate that.
Can I help you?
You certainly can.
We're looking for Mr. Park Do-hun.
Park Do-hun, you say?
That's me. How can I help you?
-[Mr. Han] Right.
-Mr. Park.
You're under arrest for aiding
and abetting the murder of Oh Jeong-bae.
[scoffs]
[Do-hun] What?
[detective] I'll take your coffee.
You have the right to remain silent,
and the right to an attorney.
-[gasps]
-[Do-hun] Wait, hold on.
This is a mistake.
Mr. Han. Please, Ms. Choi.
-Ms. Choi.
-Come with us.
-[woman] Mr. Han.
-[man] What happened?
[Su-nam whistling]
BYEBYE BALLOON TRAVEL
[whistling continues]
[door clangs]
[clears throat]
[softly]
That's perfect.
I'd be in prison without you.
[gasps]
So what do you want?
It's about Byebye Balloons flyers,
you know.
[clears throat]
Would you model?
-What?
-Would you model for us?
-[Mr. Park clears throat]
-Uh, what?
You're perfect.
Yeah, man. You give off a certain vibe.
Show off that cool look for me,
let's see it.
Come on. I'll pay you instead.
[sighs]
At least consider it.
Without me, they would've arrested you.
We're even. Take the cash.
-[Mr. Park groans]
-Stop! Stop! Hey, wait!
You said he gets a wish.
You promised him.
Yeah, I know, and I paid instead.
-Out of the way.
-[Su-nam] Wait, man. Wait!
You, sir, are as cruel
as you are beautiful.
[Mr. Park] Hey, Vin.
-[camera clicks]
-Okay, nice.
Hey, whoa, whoa.
-Delete that.
-Oh, not bad.
-Come on.
-Whoa, stop there.
Let's just step back a bit.
A little bit more. Yeah, very good.
-Oh, you're gorgeous.
-[camera clicks]
-Come on.
-Good.
Don't make me hang you
out the window again.
Could you give me a little bit
-with the tie?
-No.
Great. A bit more there. Look up that way.
-Come on.
-Grab that for me, the globe.
-Give me that phone now.
-[yelps]
[Mr. Park] Incredible. What a natural.
-I wanna see.
-[camera clicks]
Give me that.
[camera clicking]
[continues clicking]
What's the issue?
You said you set a trap.
And he hasn't fallen for it once!
I get it.
This guy has got real mafia skills.
I mean, he's pretty much invincible,
right?
He's always ten steps ahead of us.
I don't know how he does it.
Vincenzo Cassano. What's your secret?
-[loud clang]
-[shatters]
[tense music]
[sighs]
Can we trust our lawyer friend
to keep his mouth shut?
Yeah.
We can count on Mr. Park.
Why do you look so unhappy?
Hmm?
Oh, no, sir.
I was just thinking of something else.
I'm sorry, sir.
[chuckles]
[Ms. Choi] I transferred the case over.
Namdongbu is going to be handling it.
Everything is going to be fine.
-Han-seo.
-Yeah?
We have business.
Huh? Yeah.
[door closes]
See how I dodged it?
I mean…
[chuckles]
[sighing deeply]
Myung-hee.
At Wusang, we are not murderers, okay?
I mean, at this rate, the whole office
is going to be locked up.
Yes.
I wish we had gotten him the first time.
[sighing, groaning]
Why don't you try to put a stop
to the chairman's plans?
This has gone way too far.
Are you blaming me?
We're a law firm, Myung-hee.
There's only really so much we can do.
You didn't bring me on for that.
Weren't you the one
who wanted to clean up Babel's shit?
Oh, damn it!
I still think that this is too far!
Jang Han-seok, he's a psychopath.
-[grunts]
-Han Seung-hyuk!
I know you're angry,
but remember who your enemies are.
[tense music]
[whistling]
[clinking]
Hmm.
You know, I don't think I'll ever forget
the smell of this coffee.
Oh, so you finally learned
to appreciate it, huh?
Mm.
[chuckles]
[slurps]
So Jang Han-seok was gunning for Mr. Oh,
but you already knew.
More or less.
After all,
he did air the chairman's dirty laundry.
[exclaims]
So you already had it all figured out.
Hmm…
Uh…
I guess we should get going.
[wistful music]
Let me take your bag for you.
You're very kind.
[Cha-young]
Wow, you are looking gorgeous today.
You're even more beautiful than usual.
-[groans]
-Right?
-Yeah.
-[chuckles]
Where do you want us
to take you first, then?
[wheelchair clicks]
I'd like a portrait, please.
[Ms. Oh] I don't have a recent picture
for them to use at my funeral.
[photographer] One, two.
[camera clicks]
And one more.
Relax. One, two…
[camera clicks]
Let's have another
with a bit more smile, and…
[camera clicks, beeps]
One more. Smiling.
There you go. One, two…
[camera clicks, beeps]
That's great. Well done.
Wait a sec.
Come on.
[both grunting]
[Cha-young]
Could we have another few with all of us?
[photographer]
Sure. You two can stand behind her.
Nice and tall.
Look at the camera, please.
Good. One, two.
[camera clicks]
And another.
-Let's relax a bit. One, two.
-[camera clicks]
We're done.
[chuckles]
-Thank you. Oh. Oh, wait.
-[photographer] Sure.
[Cha-young] Those outfits look so good
next to each other.
-You should definitely take one together.
-I'm okay.
[Cha-young]
We'll just do one. Come on. Come on.
Yeah, why don't you just sit here.
Exactly, right there.
Just one photo.
Put your arm up here.
[Cha-young] Just like that,
around her shoulder. Very nice.
So just one picture, okay?
[Cha-young] This is gonna be great! Whoo!
[photographer] Look at the camera, please.
-Great. One, two.
-[camera clicks]
[wistful music]
-Relax.
-[sniffles]
-Okay, into the camera, and…
-[camera clicks]
[Cha-young] You two look so nice together.
-Smile.
-One more. One, two.
[camera clicks]
[photographer voice fading]
That's great. Fantastic. One, two.
[wistful music]
[wistful music continues]
[camera clicks]
[chuckles]
What a gorgeous day.
Yes.
[Ms. Oh exhales slowly]
[wistful music]
Ah.
I just remembered.
I have to make a business call. I'm sorry.
You'll be okay with her?
But take this just in case
you get thirsty.
I appreciate it.
[chuckles]
See you soon.
[sighs]
[exhales]
[Ms. Oh] I haven't been outside
for a walk in a very long time.
What a beautiful day.
Glad I got a chance to have such a luxury.
[Vincenzo chuckles]
I wouldn't call this a luxury,
we're just out for a walk.
I think this is…
the best day of my entire life.
Just tell me, and we can go out again.
Yes. I'll do that.
You have plenty of time.
Just focus on getting well.
It's funny.
I've never felt so alive before.
[both chuckle]
Really?
You never have?
[Ms. Oh] No.
At least, not since I…
since I last saw my son.
[somber music]
He was everything to me.
My boy was my life.
Without him, it's empty.
You might have looked for him.
I did try.
I searched for him everywhere, for years.
But it was impossible.
He was already gone.
Perhaps you can still look for him.
[Ms. Oh] I wouldn't be able
to face him now, after so many years.
I'd just be a burden.
I'm just old and sick.
Please don't think that.
I know your son won't.
Really?
Yeah.
I'm sure…
he's been waiting for you his whole life.
And I'm sure he…
tried to be strong for you.
So that you would be proud of him
when he met you again.
[dramatic music]
But that doesn't matter.
No matter who he is now,
I know he's my son.
[Ms. Oh sobbing]
His beautiful smile,
that's what I miss most.
And my son's was the best.
All mothers will tell you that.
"Ju-hyeong."
[Ms. Oh] When I called him,
he'd smile at me
and light up my whole heart.
I want him to know something.
I want to tell him if we meet…
"I broke my promise to you.
I swore I'd come back for you.
And there hasn't been a single day
that you aren't on my mind."
He should know.
[sobbing silently]
[sobbing softly]
[dramatic music rises]
[dramatic music fades out]
[Ms. Choi] There's something
I still can't figure out.
DAECHANG DAILY'S OWNER
OH JEONG-BAE DIES
How and when did Oh Jeong-bae learn
all of those sordid things
about your past?
If he had this information for a while,
we would've heard about it.
Good point.
If he had,
he would've tried to cut a deal.
Right. Then, he must've learned
about it recently.
So if Vincenzo was the one
who told him that…
Vincenzo may be using the Guillotine file.
Then it's not in that room after all.
The Guillotine file…
Vincenzo could destroy us if he used it.
I guess there's only one play here.
[Joon-woo] If I can't have it,
no one can.
Sir.
What?
Why did you want to come here?
It's Geumga Plaza.
I came to see it one last time.
What are you saying, sir?
[tense music]
[camera clicks]
This place is history.
[Joon-woo laughs]
YEONGHO SNACK BAR
[woman] Excuse me,
I'm here to do a gas safety check.
[Hui-su] Oh.
What happened to the other inspector?
Oh, her daughter is giving birth.
She took the week off.
Oh, I forgot.
I didn't realize the baby was due so soon.
[chuckles]
I suppose business is pretty slow
these days, huh?
[frustrated laugh]
I suppose so.
But it is what it is.
[chuckles]
-Oh, the gas pipe is over there.
-Oh, thank you so much.
[Hui-su] No problem.
[laughs]
[exhales, sucks teeth]
[Ms. Oh sighs]
Get some rest.
You'll sleep soundly
after such a full day.
I'm sure. I know I will.
[chuckles]
Sweet dreams, okay?
One more thing.
[Ms. Oh inhales]
[exhales sharply]
[grunts]
You're so kind.
You get well soon.
[chuckles]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music intensifies]
Keep an eye on her, please.
[guard] Yes, sir.
Who is that?
A guard I hired.
I don't want the Shinkwang Bank people
harassing her.
Ah, good idea considering last time.
[scoffs]
By the way…
it was really nice
seeing you two together.
Your mother looks just like you.
[chuckles]
Later, when you're ready,
you should call her Mom.
[dramatic music]
-[all gasp]
-[Larry] Whoa!
What's this?
-Oh, my! Is it true?
-[chuckles]
You two are having a baby for real?
Oh, my god, congratulations!
-[chuckles]
-[Mi-ri] Amazing!
-You two, I think I'm gonna cry.
-[Mi-ri] Oh.
-Ow!
-It's about time.
You were dragging your feet.
-[giggles]
-[Larry laughs]
Yeah. Something has changed.
For the first time,
I truly feel ready to be a father.
[laughing]
I know it won't always be easy,
-but we have each other.
-Aw.
You're the best, and I know your baby
will be the best too.
-[laughs]
-Should we do something to celebrate this?
Oh, you come to Arno.
I will cook us a meal, huh?
[all cheering]
-[overlapping chatter]
-[Larry] Party time!
What are we celebrating, huh?
Oh, these lovebirds are going
to be having a baby.
-[Mi-ri chuckles]
-[Cha-young gasps]
Oh! You guys!
Congratulations!
You'll be a great dad.
That means a lot. Thank you.
We're going to have a party
at Toto's restaurant.
You should come too.
Of course,
I wouldn't miss it for anything.
[chuckles]
Mr. Cassano, what about you?
He's probably busy or something.
Please come.
Yeah, you can count me in.
[tenants cheering]
-Yeah!
-Oh, that's more I like it.
[tenants] Cheers!
-[Hui-su] Yeah.
-[Larry] Yeah, cheers.
-[laughing]
-What a surprise.
-Thank you. And you, yeah.
-Yes.
[overlapping chatter]
-[singing] ♪ Que sera, que sera ♪
-[Mr. Nam] Oh, how beautiful!
[all singing]
♪ Que sera, que sera ♪
[tenants chanting]
Vincenzo! Vincenzo!
-Vincenzo!
I heard that in Korea,
you could get someone to take your place.
-Yeah.
-Oh, black knight.
-[Mr. Lee] Black knight.
-Black knight. Seok-do, you in?
[tenants chanting]
Seok-do! Seok-do!
-[laughter]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Yeon-jin] This is crazy!
-[Su-nam] Very good!
[indistinct chatter continues]
GEUMGA PLAZA
[foreboding music]
-[clicks]
-[beeping]
YEONGHO SNACK BAR
[static noise]
[beeps]
[whirring]
[hissing]
[ticking]
-[laughter]
-[clapping]
[singing]
♪ Happy birthday, little one ♪
♪ Happy birthday to my baby ♪
[singing continues in distance]
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
[hissing]
[indistinct chatter, laughter]
-[Mr. Nam] So wonderful!
-[Hui-su] Happy birthday!
[hissing]
[foreboding music]
[sirens wailing]
[ominous music]
-It's going to be great.
-Thank you.
[Mi-ri] Toto, will you have any food
left over after this?
-[sirens wail in distance]
-Hey, what are all those sirens?
Hmm?
-Is there a fire?
-In another building, maybe?
-What?
-What's happening, huh?
Where are they?
-[Yeon-jin] I'll go and check.
-Sweetie, wait. Stay here.
Hold on, wait for me.
-What is it?
-I'll see.
[sirens wailing]
[Larry] Do you smell that?
-[tenants groan]
-[Hui-su] Smells like gas.
-[Mr. Tak] What's going on?
-We received a report about a gas leak.
You need to evacuate now.
-Uh…
-[Mr. Tak] He says it's gas.
-We need to evacuate.
-Okay. Come on.
-Let's go. Let's get out of here.
-We have to get out of here.
[all clamoring]
-We have to go. We have to go.
-Hurry, go on.
-[Mr. Nam] Are you serious?
-I think it's coming from in here.
[Hui-su] Hurry, everyone.
[clamoring]
[Mr. Nam]
Let's go. Let's go. We have to go.
[panicked chatter]
-Go ahead. I'm right behind you.
-Let's go.
-[Mr. Nam] Come on!
-[Cha-young] Mr. Cassano!
YEONGHO SNACK BAR
[groaning]
[groaning, panting]
[firefighter 1] Stay back.
It's too dangerous.
[firefighter 2] The gas line was cut.
[firefighter 3] You're sure?
[firefighter 2] Yeah, someone did this.
Sir, you shouldn't be here!
You have to get outside.
[Vincenzo] Let go.
Come on. Get outside.
[beeping]
Look at this.
No, wait. What is this?
[beeps]
[suspenseful music]
-[beeps]
-[firefighter gasps]
[firefighter 2] What are you doing?
[suspenseful music continues]
[glass shatters]
[beeping]
[beeping accelerates]
[crackles]
[suspenseful music]
[firefighter 1]
And here's where it was cut.
[Hui-su]
It has to be that woman from earlier.
She said she came for a gas safety check.
We'll let the police know.
They'll track her down.
If you hadn't gotten rid of that watch…
You saved us again.
So it's quite obvious
who's behind all of this.
Bastards! This is insane.
Is there nothing Babel won't do?
Apparently, not. They blew up
the chairman's vacation home, too.
Honey, what would've happened to our baby?
It's okay. It's okay.
I wonder who reported it.
-Not me.
-Mm.
-Hm?
-Hm.
So it wasn't any of us.
I guess it was someone else.
We were all drinking.
Don't duck.
Okay.
-[thuds]
-[metal clatters]
[groans]
[sighs deeply]
[exhales]
I'm sorry.
Didn't think they'd send the firefighters.
[chuckles]
You can't even blow up one building?
What's wrong with you?
It almost exploded.
Then it didn't.
[chuckles]
Oh…
[laughs]
So true.
I was trying to be smart about it.
Are you calling me stupid?
Uh, no.
I mean, of course not, sir.
-[knock on door]
-What?
What is it?
May I speak with you privately?
Hey… go!
Sir.
[tense music]
HANJU SACRED HEART HOSPITAL
[foreboding music]
Finally…
we know how to hit Vincenzo
where it hurts.
[ominous music]
We almost lost everything in the building.
I wonder who called it in.
-[sighs]
-[door opens]
[Mr. Jang] Good morning.
Hey.
[hooting in rhythm]
[upbeat music]
[clears throat]
[sighs deeply]
Uh, sir, would you brew me
some luwak coffee?
Uh, brewing it was a pain,
so I sold it online.
What the hell? It's super rare!
What's with the outfit?
You look like a reject from the '80s.
Mm.
It's my disguise,
or someone might recognize me.
[Mr. Jang clears throat]
-[chuckles]
-[grunts]
[grunting]
[grunting continues]
What?
This here?
Oh, this?
[laughs]
That's why I'm here.
So, this thing…
this is a battle scar I received
for saving you.
Saving us?
Yesterday, someone called in a leak…
before the explosion.
Guess who?
[quirky music]
Hmm…
[laughs]
It was perfect.
[sighs]
You see, my brother wanted me
to blow this place sky high.
I told him I would, but then
I called the fire department.
Such a good move.
I was so proud of that one.
Are we supposed to thank you or something?
Yeah, you should be thanking me.
I mean, all of you
might have been killed, right?
But I saved you all.
Thank you.
[chuckles]
[Vincenzo chuckles]
[exhales sharply]
Look, Wusang…
they know that you've got
the Guillotine file. They know it's here.
I guess that's why he wanted
to blow the place up.
My brother won't let it go.
He could launch a missile strike.
-[Mr. Nam] Oh, my god.
-Hmm.
Nuclear launch detected.
Maybe now,
it's time to reconsider that favor?
I stuck my neck out for you.
[chuckles]
You're absolutely right.
Why don't we figure out
all the details later?
[laughs]
Sort those, alphabetical order.
Alphabet… okay.
Second shelf from the top.
[lighter clicks]
First thing, we need to set up
a way better security system
for the building.
What will he do next?
That psychopath is capable of anything.
[chuckles]
Han-seok is almost out of time.
Babel's story is coming to an end soon.
The Tower of Babel will finally collapse.
Not enough.
Everyone who had a hand in building it
will be punished too.
But that's not for us to decide.
Their punishment will be God's.
We'll just be delivering them.
After all, it takes a villain
to handle that sort of thing.
[chuckles]
So, tell me what you're thinking.
[speaking Italian]
Mm…
Translate.
[laughs]
[Vincenzo] "Best way to catch a big fish
is with a smaller fish."
SEOUL NAMDONGBU DETENTION CENTER
[gate closes]
[horn honks]
Kang Ho-chul.
What?
You show me some goddamn manners.
What? What is it? Don't know who I am?
[grunting]
-[alarm blaring]
-Run!
-Let's go, guys.
-Come on. Let's get out of here.
[groaning]
I know who you are.
Sorry, ma'am.
Come on, get in.
It's still pretty chilly,
so let's not stay out too long.
-I'll be back.
-Yeah.
[sighs]
[exhales]
[grunting]
[ominous music]
Here you go.
[sighs]
Thank you, sir.
[chuckles]
You have such a handsome son.
[giggling]
Yes.
[chuckles]
CONSTRUCTION PERMIT REPORT
BABEL TOWER PROJECT PROGRESS
[rustling]
[wistful music]
[typing]
-Mr. Cassano, where are you going?
-Mr. Nam.
[door closes]
Finally, reunited with your son.
You must be overjoyed.
Of course.
Oh.
Sorry.
You've been just so patient
to listen to all this.
[giggles]
I'm so silly.
No, no. Hearing about it
made me happy too.
[sighs]
I really envy you.
I don't have a single picture
with my parents.
Not one?
My parents never cared much for them.
They didn't?
[gasps]
And with such a handsome son as you?
[chuckles]
Well, my father never really loved me.
Not as much as you love your son.
And you do love him, don't you?
Of course.
I'd do anything. I would die for my son.
[chuckles]
I hope that you get well soon.
Thanks.
And thank you for talking to me.
[both giggle]
[ominous music]
You better be bringing me
some good news later tonight.
-I can't wait.
-[Ms. Choi] I will, sir.
ATTORNEY CHOI MYUNG-HEE
Don't worry. It'll be good.
Okay.
Oh, sir, you seem to be
in a great mood today.
Where have you been off to?
None of your business. What's this?
Oh, this. I thought you were looking
a little pale, you know.
Your ears too, they're humongous.
These are for your health and wellbeing.
[chuckles]
You think you're funny?
Come on. I've always had big ears.
Have you?
[pills clattering]
Whoa, whoa! Slow down.
You only need one of those things.
[pills clattering]
[gulps]
[exhales sharply]
Wait a sec, hey. So where did you go?
[scoffs]
You could've given me a hint or something.
BUNGEOPPANG
[dramatic music]
[sizzling]
[phone buzzing]
[Vincenzo] Hey.
-[Cha-young] Where are you?
-Buying bungeoppang.
Custard for me, then.
[chuckles]
I'm going to the hospital.
Oh, why?
I forgot something.
You did, did you?
Vincenzo, just call her "Mom."
Don't wait. Just go.
Bye.
See you later.
[wistful music]
45TH JUDICIAL TRAINEES'
GRADUATION CEREMONY
-[vendor] Here you go.
-Thanks.
-How much?
-[vendor] That's 3,000 won, sir.
-There you are.
-Yeah.
-Thank you.
-Thanks.
[foreboding music]
I have to move Ms. Oh to another room.
[ominous music]
[heart monitor beeping]
What's going on?
[gasps]
[beeping accelerates]
[choking, groaning]
[gasping]
[heart monitor beeping rapidly]
[flatline beep]
[somber music]
-Out of the way! Clear a path.
-Let's move!
[woman 1] What?
[gasps]
-[woman 2] Seriously.
-[man 1] It's horrible.
-I can't imagine.
-[woman 1] Down there?
[woman 2] That's terrifying.
-[man 2] Oh, my god! Something like this…
-[man 3] This is unbelievable.
[man 1] This is so scary.
[man 2] I can't believe this could happen
right in front of our eyes.
[indistinct chatter]
[dramatic music]
[nurse] Ms. Hong.
Someone broke into Ms. Oh's room
and attacked her.
She didn't make it.
One of the nurses spotted a man
she had never seen before.
He was moving a bed. That's all we know.
[dramatic music continues]
[dramatic music fades out]
[dramatic music rises]
[dramatic music continues]
[dramatic music fades out]
[mouse clicking]
[foreboding music]
[footsteps approaching]
[tense music]
[somber music]
I've never seen him before.
I'll notify the police.
Would you mind sending me this footage?
[security] No problem.
I need a favor.
Could you stay with her…
until I get back?
Yeah, of course.
You catch him.
[Cha-young] No.
You make him pay.
[theme music]
[footsteps echoing]
I've got a match from facial recognition.
CRIMINAL RECORD
[Mr. An] He was in jail for assault
and was just released.
He was supposed to be serving time
for attempted murder, but got acquitted.
[Mr. An] I'm sending you his mug shot
and last known address now.
-Thank you.
-Is there anything else I can do?
I think I might need your help again.
I'll let you know.
[gun cocking]
[clicks]
[engine starts]
[tires screeching]
[lighter clicks]
[tense music]
[clinking]
[lighter clicking]
[Ho-chul laughing]
[indistinct TV chatter]
-[laughing]
-[doorbell dings]
Yeah, who's there?
Hey, who is it?
[Ho-chul] What do you want?
[theme music]
Who the hell are you?
[footsteps in slow motion]
[door closes]
[Ho-chul] Oh, shit.
Get out of my house.
[grunts]
[both grunting]
-[groans]
-[metal clanks]
No!
[grunts]
[yelling]
[groaning]
[groaning, grunting]
[thumping]
[clicks]
[clinks]
The woman you killed,
I bet you don't know who she was.
No idea.
[breathing heavily]
[lighter clicks]
My mother.
[gasping]
-[lighter clicking continues]
-Who gave the order?
No one did, I swear.
[Ho-chul] After I got out,
I went to have a drink with a friend.
[stutters]
And after that, we got into…
You're saying…
[lighter clicking]
…this was just random?
Yeah.
Try to understand.
[breathing heavily]
I did just lose my mother.
[Ho-chul breathing heavily]
[whimpering]
-[bone cracks]
-[screams in pain]
[Ho-chul whimpering]
Who gave the order?
I'm telling the truth.
I was just really mad.
-[bones crack]
-[screams in pain]
[Ho-chul screaming]
[Joon-woo] All right.
Tonight, we're all going
to drink ourselves stupid.
Sir, why are you in such a good mood?
Because I killed Vincenzo's mom.
Can you imagine finally reunited
after 30 years, then, bam!
What?
I mean, poor guy. It must be killing him.
[Joon-woo laughs]
Were you aware of this?
What's wrong?
You disappointed in me?
Oh, what? No, sir.
[laughs hesitantly]
I'm worried about the consequences.
That's all.
[Mr. Jang] He's right.
[sighs]
Why would you go and poke the bear, sir?
Of course, you two are in agreement…
since you're such good buddies.
Excuse me?
Just what are you saying?
[Mr. Jang] Hey, Ms. Choi.
How dare you speak to me like that?
Please,
I'm just stating a very simple fact.
[exhales]
Come on, sir. She's exaggerating.
He saw I was struggling with some
business stuff, and he was helping me out.
[chuckles]
I'm afraid that doesn't explain
all your secret meetings.
-Uh…
-[Mr. Han] What?
Do you mean you had us followed?
You don't trust us?
We're supposed to be
on the same side here.
The same side. My, that's rich. At least…
I'd say so.
Hey, you better watch yourself.
I'm your boss.
[laughs]
[panting]
[suspenseful music]
[footsteps echoing]
[guard] Who are you?
[Ho-chul panting]
You're not authorized to be here.
[groaning, grunting]
-[grunts, groans]
-[bones crack]
[screaming in pain]
[panting]
[groaning]
[bone cracks]
[yells]
[screams in pain]
[groans]
-[thumps]
-[groans]
[grunting, groaning]
-[bones crack]
-[groans]
[thuds]
[guards groaning]
[Ho-chul breathing heavily]
[Ho-chul whimpering]
[tense music]
[Ho-chul sobbing]
[groaning, grunting]
[thumping]
[guard screaming in pain]
[breathing heavily]
[Mr. Jang sighs]
Wow.
You're just some lawyer.
My brother's really done
a number on you, huh?
Maybe.
But with a brother like you,
he doesn't need enemies.
That's enough!
Watch what you say.
I mean, this man is still our client.
He deserves respect.
Seung-hyuk,
don't you lecture me about respect.
You are stabbing the chairman in the back!
[stutters]
What did I do?
[Mr. Han stammering]
How dare you accuse me
of something like that?
Wow, you're still denying it.
I expected better from you.
How could you betray us?
-[sighs]
-[glasses clatter]
Have you forgotten?
Need I remind you who brought you here?
If it hadn't been for me,
you'd still be Mr. Seo's little lackey
back at Namdongbu!
-"Lackey"?
-Yeah.
Oh, you are so dead.
You are gonna show me
some respect, got it?
Sir, please. Sir, listen. I have no idea
what she's been telling you,
but I promise, it isn't true.
[tense music]
[faint chattering]
[foreboding music]
[ominous music]
[screaming]
[all gasping, screaming]
-[Mr. Jang whimpers]
-[Mr. Han] Who is that?
-[Ms. Choi screams]
-[Ho-chul] Ms. Choi, help me.
-Ms. Choi.
-[gunshot]
[yelping, whimpering]
-[Ms. Choi gasps]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music rises]
SPECIAL THANKS TO JEON JIN-KI